So this video is going to be a solution video.
So like all solution videos you do not have to watch them if you just want the code.
It's in the description.
You can just view the file.
But I'm going to go through the actual process of writing it here.
So the first thing I want to do is make a new file and save it and I'm going to call this just solution
that HTML.
Every time we make an HMO document we create our boiler plate.
Each Tim I'll hit tab.
Or you can type it all from scratch.
Let's start with our title let's fill that in.
Things I've Learned.
All right.
So next up we're going to actually fill out the body.
I'd like to start.
Let's identify the big elements of the headings on the page.
So we're going to have an H1
and that is going to say things I've learned.
Remember H-1 is for the largest thing on the page the largest heading on the page.
So then we also had an H two
and this one is Internet basics and then we have another age to just for the record you might see me
duplicating things very quickly.
I'm not copying and pasting it's actually all done with a short cut and sublime on a Mac it is command
shift.
D OK.
Another h to this one for each out.
So let's take a look at how this is going so far.
Let's open it up.
All right.
So far so good.
Now we need to go in and fill out the list.
So let's start with this one so that it's going to be an ordered list.
We're going to have three list items.
First one is HTP requests and then we're going to have another one IP address
and another one server's hopes.
I put that in the wrong place.
You want to put that below Internet basics.
Let's refresh the page.
OK.
Looks good.
So now we're on to the tricky part which is this nasty nested list.
So the outer list this whole thing is in an ordered list.
And we have a few allies so we've got stands for.
And then we have hypertext markup which is a strong tag
hyper text markup language.
OK.
If another ally which has lots of tags and I'm actually going to finish out just double check it this
works.
Before we move on.
OK that looks good.
So now we're going to work on the nested list inside of the first unordered list.
We have another unordered list.
So just do that right here.
It helps to be very particular with your indentation here.
It won't actually impact anything but it will help us just to be able to view our code and know what
is nested inside of what.
So we have a UL and then we have one two three four five allies.
So I'm just going to go ahead and write those.
One two three four or five.
You can copy and paste them.
Type them manually.
First one is boilerplate.
And I'm going to finish out the list first so headings paragraph and then we have
E-M tag with the word E-M inside of it and a strong tag with the word strong instead of it just to hammer
this home one more time.
You probably should do this in quite a few times.
You can type the name of a tag and hit tab.
Very useful.
So let's double check this.
OK.
We're getting close.
Now we just need this final nesting.
Well two things actually of an ordered list and another ordered list.
So that goes inside of boiler plate.
So we find that ally
and now we're going to have an ordered list and we have one two three four allies.
We have one that says dock type.
We have another one that says each time I'll have another one that says head and one that says body
OK.
So we're very close now.
The last thing we need is the title that goes instead of head.
You'll notice there's a number.
So it's an ordered bust.
So if we open up head
we're going to type ordered list again lie again.
Title.
All right.
And that's all we need to do.
So let's just compare the side by side check if anything is different.
Looks good to me.
Titles are the same ones age twos first list and all of these lists done here.
They look identical.
Great.
So if you have any questions feel free to take some time go through the code.
Again it's in the description.
This is not something that you'll have to do all the time creating these nasty lists.
But what it really is about and the reason that I had to do this is that it's important that you're
able to combine tags you can put a strong tag instead of an ally or an emphasis tag inside of another
ally or an oh well as that of an ally or an ally instead of a UL and so on.
It's important that you get comfortable with the basic boiler plate as well.
So hopefully you enjoyed that.